I'd rather make mistakes than make nothing at all
Do not let your pride blind you
Anger gives motivation without purpose
Comunque vada, sara' un successo
Comunque vada, sara' un disastro
The only true failure is perfection
It's our war, in the end we'll surely lose but that's alright
They took for granted your soul, and it's ours now to steal
Spartans never die. They are just missing in action.
[...] we all need a reason, a reason just to stay. Some just can't be bothered to stick around another day
Life wouldn't be so precious dear if there never was an end
Sometimes our saints are sinners, they blur the line and lead the way
So much to see tonight, so why'd you close your eyes? Why can't I shut mine?
If the heroes run and hide, who will stay and fight?
Just one more time before I go I'll let you know that all this time I've been afraid, wouldn't let it show
Beauty fades. That is why it is beautiful
There is no drama in a peaceful death!
I'm done being nice
Me, mad? Ah, quite likely
Never look a tulip in the eyes
Everyone wears a mask. I just chose to create my own.
Good? Evil? Why should we care for such things?
Ah, everyone has a plan - until they get punched in the face.
What is truly noble and good would never ask you to serve another!
tieni la schiena dritta!
I have risen from the filth and muck. I am the lotus blossom. I am beauty.
Truth is worth fighting for; but beauty is worth diying for.
Every tapestry begins with a single stitch.
Not all who wander are lost.
Sometimes, learning hurts.
You need not follow, but you must witness.
You dare lecture me about honour? You are not worthy to say his name!
Nothing on Earth stays forever but none of your deeds were in vain
If you can read this, Xorg is still working
No eulogy for you!
Remember my name; for one day, I will not
I am enough.
What I do is just. Every horrid piece of it.
Meglio soli che Maldo accompagnati
Welcome ~/
Do not go gentle in that good night \nrage against the dying of the light
Friends should be able to say goodbye
My name is Leonard D. Church, and you will FEAR my laser face!
I wanna touch all the buttons
Pain we endure. Faulty weaponry we do not.
Pain we endure. Faulty software we do not.
Even good leaders make poor choices. The best take responsibility for them.
Aim for the face!
yada yada
Citazione profonda
Inspiring and deep quote
I never meant for you to fix yourself
Your toast is burnt and no amount of scraping will remove the black parts!
- Look what I found!\n- I found it!\n- Look at what I took credit for finding! 
Time... line? Time isn't made out of lines. It is made out of circles. That is why clocks are round!
Look, Vegeta! A Pokemon!
Protect me cone!
I find courage unpredictable; it's total insanity you can rely on!
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am
Even when you have no bait, you can still cast a line and hope
Andiamo a casa
What a programmer can do in 1 month, 2 programmers can do in 2 months
Se va quel tanto che basta non toccarlo se no si guasta
If it ain't broke break it
Come se fosse facile
Weddings are basically funerals with cake
I'm not the nicest guy in the Universe, because I'm the smartest. And being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets.
I swear to god I had something for this
Sometimes quiet is violent
Left to his own devices he couldn't build a toaster. He could just about make a sandwich and that was it
Fletto i muscoli e sono nel vuoto
You done goofed
When hope is gone, undo this lock, and send me forth on a moonlit walk.
Don't weep for the stupid, you'll be crying all day.
Have you ever thought about carbonating the blood of Christ? You know, give the kids something fizzy to drink before they wake up in an hour?
I take enthusiastic walks through the woods.\nVery enthusiastic walks.
Screw the rules, I have money!
Screw the money, I have rules!
Repetition is the path to mastery.
Overconfidence is a flimsy shield.
Pain is an excellent teacher.
Time is an illusion, but the illusion is about to run out 
Curiosity killed the cat but satisfaction brought it back
The blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb
Jack of all trades, master of none; but better than master of one
Great minds think alike, but fools rarely differ
Birds of a feather flock together until the cat comes
The early bird catches the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese
E' una monade
Dovete amare e abbacciare la monade -\n Claudio Sacerdoti Coen
Hello there!
It's over. I have the high ground!
Life is too short for fear
Secure. Contain. Protect.
Press F to pay respects
Fight me! Hit me! GIVE ME A HUG!
Before this is all over, promise me you'll figure out which one of us is the machine
I know you have felt much more love than you've shown
E
Nulla e' impossibile se non hai chiaro il problema
Roll me like a blunt 'cause I wanna go home
it was not your fault, but mine
L'esistenza e' banale, ma banale reale. E' fatica pensare, preferisco dormire
Suddenly it reeks of hypocrisy in here... Oh if it isn't the Catholic Church!
That's so sad\nAlexa play Despacito
Ehi! It takes two to tango!
Initiating procedure 110-Montauk
L'hai bevuta tu l'acqua!
Boribombo boribombo
Aren't you ashamed of dressing like a queer?\n I feel no shame. Feelings are for women.
When life gives you lemonade, add vodka
There was no way out for him
It's also a gun!
Are We Cool Yet?
Place of hope and no pain, broken skies with no rain, can leave this place but refrain
Yahi param vaastavikta hai!
But I will hold on as long as you like, just promise me we'll be alright
I'm a scholar and a gentleman, and I usually don't fall when I try to stand
Darkness is a harsh term don't you think
Witness me!
Death will come too for you and when you face your god the emptyness of your joyless soul will be laid bare
Doubleplusgood!
I don't care. Killing you was the point. Living through it was just a luxury.
Speaker magician!
Hiz name is Hamburg
- Are we a bad person?\n- Well, let's start with the 20'000 people we impaled.\n- We were pretty mad at dad that day.
You're not entirely wrong... You just didn't have to be such an asshole about it.
Ah... hervorragend.
In time, you will know the tragic extent of my failings...
I exclusively recruit psychopaths, because they practice what I call "moral relativism" and I practice what some would call "an organ harvesting operation"
[...] the sickly 15 year old boi I bought from a slave trader may not be the optimal person for crafting leather jackets, owing to the fact that I've replaced both his legs and hands with wooden stumps.
Who's there? I have a belt and I'm not afraid to hang myself!
Ever thought about how pizza is circular, the boxes are square, the slices are triangular and life is meaningless?
As light gains purchase, spirits are lifted, and purpose is made clear
I always keep a loaded gun on my nightstand in the event of an intruder, so I can shoot myself to avoid meeting new people.
I'm a creepy old man on the internet and you can't stop me!
Salazar     M.I.A.      30/03/2019
Lisanna     Retired due to injury     ~/04/2017
Nadja       Operative       ---
Sandy       Operative       ---
Newman      Operative       ---
Kappa       Operative       ---
What's your favourite fairy tale?
I will defeat you with the power of friendship and this gun I found!
I have no idea what I'm doing and you can't stop me
The woods are lovely, dark and deep\nBut I have promises to keep,\n And miles to go before I sleep
Profanar la tumba a ritmo de la rumba
I was bitten by a radioactive detective.
More specifically, you're suggesting a romantic interest in the vernacular of a prepubescent child.
Containment breach!
SALSA COOKIES!
- You're being a snob.\n- Someone HAS to be.
It's like sending your genitals to the bar while you binge watch Netflix at home. Win-win!
We've been tricked, we've been backstabbed and we've been quite possibly bamboozled!
It hides inside the sea cucumber's butt, where it feeds and gains protection. The sea cucumber, meanwhile, has a fish in its butt. Win-win.
- Shipmaster, they outnumber us, three-to-one!\n- Then it is an even fight.
Also write that I love you.
Allora si. Se credi a Falcoman puoi credere anche che un uomo, per quanto cada in basso, possa trovare la forza di rialzarsi
Probitas laudatur sed alget
What doesn't kill you just isn't finished yet
My ancestors are smiling at me, imperial. Can you say the same?
You've tried the best, now try the rest! Spacer's choice.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
Hey, you! You're finally awake.
And if I could go back and make my amends, I'd make all those mistakes again!
Your grace is wasted in your face, your boldness stands alone among the wreck
Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb
Now, infanticide is not something I support. It's something I recommend!
- My first girlfriend turned into the moon!\n- That's rough buddy.
And if the heat comes close enough to burn then we'll play with fire
Shema Yggdrasil!
Anch'io ho sofferto, ho sofferto come un cane: per quasi tre quarti d'ora.
It's hard being a single mother, especially when you have no children and are a teenage male
Ain't no rest for the wicked
void * is love, void * is life
The story goes that you were cryogenically frozen by accident in a sperm bank robbery gone wrong
Fate i bravi
You do not recognize the bodies in the water
I do not recognize the bodies in the water
Scriventemi "alto" sulla fronte e "basso" sul sedere... Non voglio che sbaglino a intubarmi
La fede e' un dono di Dio; a me ha regalato una cravatta.
Hylissang giveth, Hylissang taketh away
Nessuna recalcitranza!
To the extent that love is an expression of familiarity over time, my access to infinite timelines precludes the necessity of attachment
Un vero guerriero non ha bisogno di spade
SOYUZ NERUSHIMY
I want every gun we have to fire on that man
Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly
It was a lie when they smiled and said "you won't feel a thing"
- What you ask isn't simple\n- No task worth doing ever is.
Well, then maybe you should worry less about the tides, who've already made up their mind about killing you, and worry more about me, who's still mulling it over.
I'll mourn for a kid but won't cry for a king
Peace was never an option
Nikutaikai! FIGHT. ON!
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor
By far.
Everybody knows that the best way to learn is under intense life-threatening situations
I nostri guerrieri troppo lontani sulla pista del bisonte
Knowledge is power but learning is boring
Anakin\nStart panakin\nI don't have a planakin
I'm going to break you like a KitKat bar
You're either perfect or you're not me!
Now plant your feet, grit your teeth, and EAT THAT HORSE!
From whence you came you shall remain\nUntil you are complete again!
Avoid success at all costs!
It just says "Dear Freeza", and it's a picture of a butt.
Meglio una fine disperata che una disperazione senza fine
Roses are red, violets are blue\nOne day we'll cruise down blood gulch avenue
Nothing stands taller than the might of a Dwarf
As the research director it comes as my responsibility to take no responsibility for the singularity in the kitchen
Dovahkin!? Nooooooo...
- I don't fear you\n- Then you will die braver than most.
I should be glad that we're apart when you're so Reckless with my heart
It strikes with the vigor of a proctologist who lost a wedding ring
I think you might be on fire, but I'm not an expert
It is a festering abomination!
You cannot learn a thing you think you know
Monstrous size has no intrinsic merit, unless inordinate exsanguination be considered a virtue.
Death waits for the slightest lapse in concentration.
"Variable names have one to eight ascii characters"\n- A Tutorial Introduction to the Language B
Many fall in the face of chaos; but not this one, not today.
2K38
I know we're losing... I want to know if we've lost.
Tell 'em to make it count.
Where does he get off calling a demolition op Priority One-
You're on your own noble... Carter out.
I'm ready! How 'bout you?
Negative. I have the gun. Good luck sir.
Chi vuol morire per la patria lo faccia in fretta
C'e' del fegato asciutto nel piatto
Io non raccolgo bacche
Io avrei sparato al bambino
Your compliance isn't a factor!
Holy shit is that a motorcycle that I can dual wield?
Sei cintura nera di come si schiva la vita. Quinto Dan.
The death of one is a tragedy, but the death of millions is a good start
The ship is coasting in for a landing, and I must stare intelligently at the computer that controls it, or no one will believe I am the captain
[...] once again we must come to the conclusion that there is nothing we can do, but await failure.
I don't know if they grade it, but... Coarse.
There's no test like production.
Please. This isn't a bar fight. Have some class.
/* TODO: remove this comment */
Portami dove vuoi, basta che sia lontano da me
They're trying to bring back the good old days... By raising them from the dead.
Ask me whose blood stains my gown.
Toodle pip!
Nel bosco incantato il mio drago infuocato sostiene che sono cornuto
Sewer skewer for everybody!
It's sticky so you don't drop it
I'm going to cut off your head now.\nFair enough!
Potere e Potenza!
I regret many things, killing you will not be one of them!
Prince... Has this *ever* worked?
Rock and Stone!
We are NOT leaving Doretta behind!
Point away from face. My face or theirs? 
Don't you know what I've done?\nYes! But what will you do now?
And god shits in my dinner once again.
Hold up the train. Ammunition ship afire in harbor making for Pier 6 and will explode. Guess this will be my last message. Good-bye boys.
OOP to me means only messaging, local retention and protection and hiding of state-process, and extreme late-binding of all things.\n- Alan Kay
Please give me instructions I promise I'll follow
Devil take the hindmost!
